Adds health-check tutorial (#7)
xebia-functional/tictactoe: docs/Workshop.md

And move on to the next step.

#### Creating the game server

Now that you've established the basic model for your game, we need to
start talking about how to execute the model and allow two players to
play it. You could do all of the work on the client side. However,
that presents limitations. Only two players could play the game at a
time. Both players would have to be present at the same computer to
play. All the responsibilities of state management and processing as
well as the rendering and input handling must be performed on the
client, mixing the two concerns.

A more flexible solution is to create a web server to handle the

> processing of the domain model. This allows the client to focus on the

Reviewer: Sound this better?
```suggestion
processing of the business logic. This allows the client to focus on the
```

say handling http requests and responses behind the implementations of
the interfaces. The data types that are built then expose some sort of
`run` method, which interprets the value of the tree produced.

In this way, programs written with a tagless final encoding limit the
cumbersome data type encodings required to work with side-effecting
programs while still allowing users to reason about the code as a tree
of immutable values. This allows the programmer to refactor tagless
final programs safely.

It allows the designers of libraries to control and optimize the
interpretation of the trees produced by effectful programs without
adding additional complexity to the interfaces used by users of these
libraries. Method calls to the interfaces are free to modify the input
trees of previous calls, for example.

Meanwhile, users are prevented from violating the calling conventions
of the library by coding against the interface rather than the
implementation, enforced by the typechecker. The underlying complexity
is fully abstracted away from the user.

New methods can be added to a library without violating the source
compatibility of code built against earlier versions. And many other

> advantages.

Reviewer: 😲  I have been using tagless final for a while, and I will honestly say I never reasoned about explaining in that way. Don't you think it will too complex/abstract for some students?

Author: We're going to hide it behind a collapsed detail link in a soon to come PR.

Some of the explanation comes from comments made by Fabio Labella in an [old typelevel theory chat](https://discord.com/channels/632277896739946517/839263668478672937/847438971969077248):

Particularly 

* [encoding an algebra as functions](https://discord.com/channels/632277896739946517/839263668478672937/847446152487108608)
* The [separation of concerns between interpreters and algebras](https://discord.com/channels/632277896739946517/839263668478672937/847447910853640222)
* The [doesn't need to be implicit parameters](https://discord.com/channels/632277896739946517/839263668478672937/847449140778762280)
* The mixing of [free and tagless final encodings for user-level features and implementers](https://discord.com/channels/632277896739946517/839263668478672937/847453412915544134)
* And the fact that effect interpreters are ["tagged"](https://discord.com/channels/632277896739946517/839263668478672937/847456529648582697)
* And the [general advantages](https://discord.com/channels/632277896739946517/839263668478672937/847457565230891048)

, some of it comes from "Constraints Liberate, Liberties Constrain" by Runar Bjarnsson (working with too large of [interfaces](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqmsQeSzMdw&t=323s) and [generic interfaces](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqmsQeSzMdw&t=490s)) and Sam Halliday's Fp in Scala for Mortals ([Interface Sizes (4.1.7)](https://leanpub.com/fpmortals/read#leanpub-auto-data), [Duality between Free and TF encodings and ASTs](https://leanpub.com/fpmortals/read#leanpub-auto-a-free-lunch)). 

Some of it comes from how I've explained it as small interfaces in the past without actually going into the actual theory and papers behind it.
